Hi, hello, I am Ajesh, welcome to a
new episode of Mind Home Insurance.
Everyone,
we have now become familiar with our many insurances and have
understood what things to pay attention to when taking an insurance.
Today, the
insurance
we are discussing here is the insurance of ICICI Lombard. We
all know and are
familiar with
ICICI Lombard. ICC Bank is the
main one supporting and
backing IIC Lombard. Similarly,
IC Lombard is
doing two types of demolitions for us,
namely in the health sector and in the
vehicle area.
So,
ICC Lombard is a growing company. Having
said that, they have become a
competitor to
other insurance companies. Let's
check their best policy at the level of
what they have included in their policy and
how their policy works.
Let's check everything
.  So, for that, I will first
share this screen with you
.  That will
give you a little more clarity.
I can share a screen for that
.  I hope everyone is watching the screen here. The
ICC's Lombard is the
insurance that comes to us.
We are
looking at a policy called "elevate" within the ICC Leopards as well.   If
you look at this, you will see that the Power of
Infinite Payer is what they are
saying. That is what
they are saying as a slogan. Let's look at their details. What is included in their policies
when they say Power of Infinite Care? Just
like they say Infinite Care, what they
see as the main thing is
Infinite Sumsure, that is, within the Sumsure,
they are giving us unlimited restoration as Infinite. That is, what is
meant by it is that there is limited
coverage. What will they
do if there is an Infinite Submission?
So the amount of our policy will not run out. That is, if
we
have a policy of one lakh, they will
restore it again and
give it to us.
Similarly, the Infinite Claim Amount
is the next thing. If we say Infinite Claim
Amount, then we can say One Time
Infinite Claim Amount.
What can we say once?  As
mentioned earlier in the policy, if
a claim is required and the
policy of Rs. 1 lakh is exhausted,
what can we do? We can
claim it again.
They will restore the sum and then
we can use the restored items again.
That is what they mean by infinite in the claim
amount.
It is a good thing
because we want to get unlimited
restoration. It is
one of the essential needs of anyone who takes insurance.
Then the next thing we need to check is
about their infinite cumulative bonus. That is, if
we have already
taken a policy of Rs. 1 lakh, it will increase the
policy amount up to 100 percent. If we have not
made any claims, there is a
possibility of increasing it in ICC's
elevated policy. That is, if we
take a policy of Rs. 1 lakh and
we do not have any climatic issues in the next one or two years,
it will increase our sum
by 100 percent. This is the
biggest benefit.  What
has been said is jump start,
that is, if we have
any pre-existing diseases, such as asthma, diabetes,
hypertension, BP, etc., and we are suffering
from pre-existing diseases,
you must have seen the waiting period for it. There will be a
waiting
period of one, two, three, or four years, but within the Elevate
policy, we have the
possibility of reducing it to 30 days.
Jump start is one of the most highlighted things. Therefore, if
we have such diseases,
generally other insurance companies have terrible
waiting periods. When you
check, you will understand that there is a
terrible waiting period. There are
companies with waiting periods of up to two to four years.  But if we fall
within the ICC levy,
we can
change it to a method where we can claim it on the 31st day in 30 days.
And
we can use wellness programs like that.
Similarly, if we
use their app properly, they will
tell us that we will get an additional discount of up to 30 percent, and
we will be covered. If we take out the Nuk add-ons, we can cover all these non-payable
expenses
as a claim protector.
Therefore, what we are
saying is that
we have a chance of not having to spend
additional cash on things while being hospitalized.
Similarly, they have their own
app called IL Take Care, which means
they have done it at the level of ICC Lower Taker
.  Inside, we can
take a digital copy of the policy if we want.
Similarly, if we want to call face scan cash OPD
emergency ambulance service, we can
use the app called IL Taker to monitor all these things of the claim.
So this is how this policy works.
Comparatively, the
biggest highlight of this is that, as we
said earlier, we
can cover asthma, diabetes, hypertension and other things with just a few days. The waiting period for pre-existing diseases is
very short. That is the biggest benefit of this
policy
.  Because there are
many people who suffer from such illnesses.  So it would be
incredibly difficult for them to be told to wait for over a year now
.  So, by
taking out this policy, they can quickly
get some relief when they are hospitalized or in critical condition.
Likewise, if you liked this video, you
can subscribe to our channel.  If you have any questions or concerns related to insurance or
investment,
our numbers are listed below.
You can contact us and
ask any questions or concerns you may have. We will
definitely help you.
Thank you.